# The-Good-Fat-Omega-3-Fatty-Acids
While everyone usually asks you to avoid fats, omega-3 fatty acids are an exception to that rule. In fact, omega 3 fatty acids contained in OG 3 Veg capsules are an absolute must if you want your body to stay in the best shape possible.  Whole foods like mackerel, salmon, flaxseed, and walnuts all provide omega-3s. Yet even if your diet often includes these food sources, it can be difficult to get the recommended dose without turning to a supplement. It becomes all the more harder for vegetarians and a product like OG 3 Veg Capsules can be a great way to get the full omega-3 fatty acid benefits your body needs.  Here are a few ways in which OG-3 Veg capsules can benefit your health. They are excellent for your Eyes We’ve all heard how carrots contain Vitamin A and are great for your eyesight. Well, that’s only half the story. Your retina needs DHA – a kind of omega 3 fatty acid to function properly. If you’re having trouble seeing clearly and have been chomping down carrots without any respite, it’s probably time to incorporate two capsules of OG-3 veg into your daily routine.  Reduces cardiovascular risks Omega 3 capsules help mitigate the factors that challenge your heart health such as plaque formation, inflammation, blood clots, triglycerides, bad cholesterol and hypertension.  Improves Brain Health Studies have shown that taking omega 3 fatty acids regularly, helps slow down or prevent the degeneration of your brain. It can prevent memory loss, dementia and significantly reduces the risk of Alzhiemer’s.  Omega 3 fatty acids should be an important component of your diet. With the risks of mercury and other contaminants making fish harmful to consume, OG-3 Veg capsules are a safe alternative that can be beneficial to both vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike. Two capsules of OG-3 Veg daily will help you stay in the pink of health and keep illnesses at bay. To know more: https://franchglobal.com/the-good-fat-omega-3-fatty-acids/
